thank you a tunnel better for sponsoring
this video at CES 2018 tunnel bear makes
very easy to use privacy apps for the
Internet so that you can enjoy a more
open Internet to try it out for free go
to telomere comma slash LT t we're here
checking out wallet card they're the
same size and physical feel as a normal
credit card they're still waterproof
they're still resistant to tears as
they're made out of plastic but you
might notice the ePaper display and the
left and right buttons on the side you
might be wondering why well the wallet
card can store up to 100 credit cards
within itself the arrow keys are for
switching between the cards the ePaper
display is for displaying what card you
currently have selected it is worth
noting however that you can't mix banks
and networks on the same wallet card so
if you have like a Bank of America visa
and a TD MasterCard they can't be on the
same wallet card but if you had a USD
and a CAD and a rewards card all from
the same bank say TD or whatever else
that could all be on one wallet card
it's all handled for you
the cards are added to wallet card over
the same secure network that credit
cards use right now it's powered by
movements in the same way that
self-winding watches are so it's never
gonna die when you switch cards the tap
mag stripe and chip payment methods all
automatically switch with it there's
even a cellular connection so if you
lose the card it can be wiped remotely
in the bill for the cellular connection
is being footed by your bank although
I'm sure that will trickle down to some
cost for you at somewhere along the
chain another option more based around
just one card but with advanced security
is well their security card in addition
to your standard four digit PIN they
have a 12 digit PIN based on one two
three four and five the physical input
keys on the card this will make it so
that you can't even do any form of
payments unless the pin has been entered
and it won't even show the number for
the card on the front unless you enter
those digits as well I also wouldn't
worry about brute force as by default
you can only attempt the access code up
to eight times before the card locks up
and locks new out
go to the bank and get it unlocked very
cool security feature for someone who
might lose the card as you don't really
have to worry that much about losing it
anymore it's a code for your credit card
is hidden and you can't access it and
it's immune to brute force go speaking
of making things easier you can use
tunnel bear to create a VPN for you and
it's all simple you don't have to do any
router settings you know if you're doing
firewall settings you just turn on the
app the bear tunnels you to whatever
server location you want and it's all
done it's all handled your privacy is
secure they'll help protect you against
people that are trying to profit off of
your data because it will protect from
that and did I mention it's free go to
tunnel bear comm L flash LTT and they'll
take care of it for you thank you for
watching this video if you liked it like
it if you just liked it dislike to get
subscribed to see all the rest of our so
yes we 18 content and I'll see you next
time
with my super secure credit cards